SLoMoCo Transformative Event Prop Notebook // 

Teoma 2/9/22 -- 2.30 PM CST 

Part 0: Consent 

Part 1: Get materials ready 

Part 2: Make props and narrativize your own project 
provocations track / project , john maccallum and jessica rajko. a platform to bring people together. 

question driven, questions that give way to questions, provocations that give waay to provocations 

look back at other provocations and fold them into one other. questions were addressed within a particular community. a folding in on itself to generate. looking back to move forwards. cumulative and transversal, horizontal process rather than hierarchical. snowballing, iterative 

seeking new provocations and new people -- new entry points 

clear and rigorous structures around which people will engage in their encounter. different levels, all in the same conversation. horizontal and transversal ---> 

layers upon layers, retracing folds and creases, producing something new; difference between 2018 and 2021; creating a --- space for revisting them 

passage of time; project as

props 1 (crinkly sheet with tractings): crumbled iterations.  
props 2: didn't make it 

 
part 3. Repeat with a Second Project
Megan Young- Sign Stealing 

GPS surveillience - human and drone -- wasn't thinking about drone (!) 

in Teoma own work thinking about surveillence; 

desire paths and where and how we might occupy a space based on architecture of use; what inspires us to move in one way or another --entangled with disability 

just moved to the UK in ur phd
list of tasks to find colonial symbols inside the shopping mall; 

no photos allowed in the mall; 

American cowboys juice counter; worker alarm 

context specific encounters . 

Q about sign stealing; how do they move between signs? 

prop 3: plainsight 


Part 4: Connection 

iterative in folding, folding upon 
knowledges are context specific. 
sign-stealing, cultural appropriation;
consensual use of knowledges or ethics; 
relatin to Movement and Computing; 
informed consent, celebrated notions of transdisciplinarity, boundaries 

prop 4: folds upon folds, provocations upon provocations; 

Part 5: Synthesis Set Up: 
Props from before
1. Bellow-Fuelle, Fuelle-Bellow; 
2. 3 and more ways of tuning; 
3. question mark. 



Part 6: Synthesis: proposing a new project // 

two workshops at te same time. confluence. 
provocations
dedveloping methodologies and pedagogical transversalities.

physical spaces and geographical spaces where works take place? disciplinary spaces 

magical arrival in a shared space without context. how do people arrive? how do we arrive in a space? the arrival as part of the event itself 


paper folds, crumples, edible papers.
part 7: passing on (to Brandon Sward). 

>the ghost that didn't make it. 
>confluence 
>dice





 

 











