SLoMoCo Transformative Event Prop Notebook // 

Teoma 2/9/22 -- 2.30 PM CST 

Part 0: Consent 

Part 1: Get materials ready 

Part 2: Make props and narrativize your own project 

little post its are props; relationships emerge through sticky tape; woven together into; 

weaving is cool as a metaphor; weavor birthda party ; can be unwoven, can create something bigger; 

cooler colors are academic folk -- spend a long time dong certain things Marshall McLuhan -- hot/cold media 

labels - sub1 sub2

the prop works against them -- "the world identifies us in such a way" 
occupying the same space; 

push pin into a weave- something said someone to you, changed the way you tghought about something. (string would be better) -- fashion industry person; IF I could attach it I would tie it together ---> towards a cats cradle

the thing you went there to go and learn about didn't work out -- pull the push pin out and you ave a hole and you remember it 

House: "life is just a series of rooms and the people we find ourselves in in those rooms" 

Orange is Garrett (no : sub 1 or sub 2) -- 
///
absorbing a lot 
enrolled in motion capture 
being outside and seeing what other people are doing and what the capacities are is important 

part 3. Repeat with a Second Project

about touch, social anxiety- do i shake hands?

prop 2: extensions of the hand with fingers
stage combat, theatrical body, how do i make you feel like im touching another person?

art in unexpected places, engaged in something profound or interesting without realizing it; 

in relation to how touch .... apple pay
touch can be reassuring, can be creepy.

in between feelings or 

Part 4: Connection 

postit nails ar difficult.

postit nails can support the weave; but it is difficult; 

thinking about  touching other people rather than doing it ; 

somtimes you have to get in it 

(teaching statements-- bell hooks) difficult or uncomfortable feelings are important to the classroom. 

distance makes certain thing possible, but some things you can only do if you're in something.

prop: net 


Part 5: Synthesis Set Up: 
Props from before
>the ghost that didn't make it. 
>confluence 
>dice



Part 6: Synthesis: proposing a new project // 

the ghost who was left behind there was a lack. like lacan, a death, a lost things can be in the lack.

other artists can live inside there. unexpected convergences inside the loss, inside the ghost --- 

brian eno interview - becoming eno.
scenius (scene + genius) 

slomoco was a thing -- possible convergences that by chance, come out of the ghost ; 

weaver birthday - black mountain college - haystack - berlin n the 70s; it's hard to tell in the moment 

who will be a thing? what comes from a scene? how does one person get scooped, etc. punk in london. 

tge collective

7 years in tibet


part 7: passing on (to MEgan Young). 



1.weaving
2. ghost
3. nail



 

 











