SLoMoCo Transformative Event Prop Notebook // 

Teoma 2/9/22 -- 2.30 PM CST 

Part 0: Consent 

Part 1: Get materials ready 

Part 2: Make props and narrativize your own project 

- sound is a 
- selwa sent an email about her presentation 
---> entanglements // ray chou

jeffrey perry -- interview 

a world in every seed -- chantall; 

inner world // 

part 3. Repeat with a Second Project

Lydia -- urban infrastructures emerging out of Covid; 
Megan and Play attending to different objects; (connections to path/doodle); 

Ri, lydia, megan, 

"absolutely no logic to this" 

cohort animated by doodles; 

> The scent of time by Byung Chul Han; lingering as a gathering of the sense; 
> the disappearance of rituals by Brung Chul Han;

paper fans and pleats and folds; 
i'm forever unfolding between ; 


Part 4: Connection 

productive knots and false problems 


My work circulates around an affective suspension, uncertainty, and at times, conflict. This is not a void or lack of affect, but itself its own particular feeling. Sianne Ngai’s Ugly Feelings (2005) presents a series of aesthetic examinations of negative emotions, analyzing their affective and “politically ambiguous work” within a range of cultural objects to explore ambivalent situations of suspended agency. Unlike Ahmed’s emotions of hate and fear, which traditionally have a localized/directed object, the emotions Ngai attends to (tone, “animated-ness”, envy, irritation, anxiety, stuplimity, paranoia, disgust) are “explicitly amoral and noncathartic, offering no satisfactions of virtue, however oblique, nor any therapeutic or purifying release”. Entangled with these affects are meta-responses to what one is feeling that reinforce the negativity of the original emotion. For instance, Ngai notes that it is “hard to feel envy without feeling that one should not be feeling envy” which often manifests in the form of shame or anxiety about one’s enviousness, which ultimately strengthens the negativity associated with envy. She argues that this affective disorientation (an inherently ambiguous confusion about what one is feeling) is its own affective state in its own right, which, somewhat ironically, is often the impetus that drives intellectual inquiry. The very nature of these affects to inhibit, make uncertain, thwart, to prevent any doing or action are precisely what gives them power to diagnose and untangle the multilayered hegemonic fields that shift, waver, nudge, shove, and deny any possibility of stability, that engender states of precarity. 


Part 5: Synthesis Set Up: 
Props from before

1."bamboo" -- cactus 
2. Giromin - mirin vinegar  // container , giromin , instrument 
3. Basil  -- happy plant 

propogation as a form of quotation // 

Part 6: Synthesis: proposing a new project // 

walking a path; non-linear; 

what initially came to mind: tracing, propogation, fan and surface and dissertation thinking, Mirin globalization and cultural pathways of power; 

excesses of the norm; 

part 7: passing on (to Shalaka). 
1. fan
2. entanglement 
3. stairs;

juliana bruno on cinema 

part 8

//  
@fidelia-lam 
 











