SLoMoCo Transformative Event Prop Notebook // 

Megan 2/16/22 -- 11.00 AM CST 

Part 0: Consent 

Part 1: Get materials ready 

Part 2: Make props and narrativize your own project 

"sign stealing" 
made a map of a Cleveland neighborhood ' 
> questions about specificity and nuance
> incommensuration between value systems of humans and technical/drone mapping/
> pathways, following, personally 
> what is creepy (?)when is it creepy? with whom is it creepy 

prop with pipe cleaners looks like a dog. 


poethical profiling: performative conversations, implicate themselves; any phyiscal barriers? 

space and distance relate to our bodies, body and place; 

drones as a new plane of vision; 


part 3. Repeat with a Second Project

touch praxis - selwa sweidan, nina sarnelle 

"exporing touch through media and synchronous spaces, touch in our own environments 

independence from visuality. audio, relation to intimacy? 
relates to megan's past work -- and present work, how do we judge distance? 

their work extends their own interest in the world. 

professional: aesthetic + rough unfinished polish 

figner pressed cookie shapes, look like butts or headphones.
(corporeal object and technical object connected to body) 
 pipe cleaners connect the headphone butts through surfaces 

pipe cleaners have feet 


Part 4: Connection 

-redoing drone because playdo is becoming squishy 

roy ascott telematic embrace 

moisture as a connection

drone is not moist -- 

the mushy stuff ? touching surfaces, touching thru fear, thru projections of each other. 

mine is public and global-- in different ways 
other project is personal -- in different ways

no universals, archiving and acknowledging experiences . decolonial scientific method 

what is the thesis? what are the fidnings 

connective worms; string theory. 

Part 5: Synthesis Set Up: 
Props from before

 
1. "ball on pastel field" 

2. "tendril of young plant" 

3.1"itnroduction frame to the muppet TV show where all the muppets have their own square and the muppets are coming out the squares"
3.2 "a series of stages placed alongside each other in a grid". 
 

Part 6: Synthesis: proposing a new project // (10) 

muppet squares --> hollywood squares 

deauthenticated muppets ; 


heads on worms ()! 

stark contrast between organic materials and intellectual const ructs, 

squares and grids are drawn 
neighborhood grid 
muppet grid 

invite nina and selwa to roll around in police reports with me. we see what's inside there that's not in these box frameworks 

crawl around inside a matrix of our own size 

fuzzy data 


matrix --> minority report, biological matter --> 

fun house based, take tours, bring people in through tours, hong kongs predictive policing matrix, crawling through threads of data as if they were physical proposal. 

you are invited 


part 7: passing on (to Thembi). 


1."deauthenticated muppets" 
2. "finger smashed butt cookies"
3.  "mondrian maps"








